 I wrote down questions and I typed it out in my PCLI, made some preparations. So what is this whole project about? We have a subject called organizational behavior. So we have a group of six people. We have to interview two or three senior level executives and junior level. We are interviewing the junior level. Okay. Understood. I am getting started. Yeah. I mean, as long as you all want to be, you all had some tea coffee or something like that. Yes, yes. I have all had some tea coffee. Okay. Good morning, ma'am. Good morning, ma'am. Yes. My name is Gautam Kundaliyar, I am Siddharth Maharum and we have Shreegu here. Hi. So today we are here to conduct an interview regarding our project for a hard-based leadership. So first of all, we'd like to thank you for giving us this opportunity to conduct this interview and taking out a time from a busy schedule. My pleasure. We'd also like to know about a leadership journey. Like before we saw this and do you would like to get into how your past experiences you are at Abbot and your experiences as being a leader. Okay. So my name is Shobhakharathkar. I've been working in this industry, that is in this Parma industry for 30 years, three decades. I am working as an associate director. I have 25 plus employees with me reporting on to me. It's been an incredible great journey till now. Earlier before this I was working for Kate Pacific Airways. So completely different journey from an airways to a Parma industry. But at the same time, at times when I was just fresh out of my college, I joined Kate Pacific Airways. And pretty excited. And that was in touch. So who wouldn't love to work in a Taj? And that was at the Mezzanine floor, nice food, nice people, nice, you know, the whole environment and everything. But somewhere in my mind I always had this, I've learned so much. And there was quite a lot of free time working in Kate. So I used to, I was not that kind of a person who could just while away that time. During the work I would sit completely and grow, do my work and then I had free time. So I would walk across the whole of Taj, seeing a lot of movie stars, sports stars and all those kind of things. So, post then I felt I wanted to do something more. That's when I started doing my law and I started doing my M-com as well. So with my work I started doing that. And then I said I wanted to do something more and that's how I gave this interview. At that point of time, this was Boots Pharmaceuticals. So I joined in because, you know, I said a little fun, something different. And I like the name Boots. Basically I joined this company because I like the name Boots. And I hated the drink called Boost. So that was Boost or Boots. So I said, I said, what is this? So that just intrigued me and that's how I joined Boots Pharmaceuticals. And I was in sales tax at that particular point of time, indirect taxation. Learn there and then maybe in this company itself I got different roles right from indirect taxation. Then I went to fixed assets and accounting from fixed assets and accounting I came to credit management. So completely vast area and I didn't realize that I completed three decades in this organization. So that's how it is different varied roles, different people. And I thoroughly enjoyed my journey throughout my three decades. And many people ask me why did you stay back in this company for so long? So one is I never stayed upon a particular role for quite some time. Maybe you know, eight years or nine years would be the longest and that I would have had three different journeys. I learned a lot of things, interacted with 8,000 plus sales employees in my whole career and had different varied portfolios. So I love talking to people and meeting people and I did meet. So complete satisfying journey that I've had, learned a lot along the way. So that's what my journey is about. So I'm getting on with the interview questions. So firstly we would like to know what does leading with love or benevolence mean to you in corporate leadership? Is it about empathy, trust, care or something else? Okay. So actually for me it really means sympathy. Understanding the subordinates, understanding your colleagues. So what does it mean for them? And you know, it means a lot. I mean it's not only empathy, it's trust, it's care, it's respect, it's compassion. A lot of things put together. So basically the moment you are demonstrating care to an employee, the moment you are demonstrating care to a colleague, they understand actually what it is all about. And there's somebody who also thinks about us not only as a commodity but also as a person. So that really makes a difference. You know, that's one thing. And then respect. So we have so much of diversity. At least in my team I have a lot of women who are there. And you know, they come from diverse backgrounds. They come with a lot of different things that are actually going on in their mind as well. So giving complete respect. So just to give you an example, I have a girl working here who comes from a very traditional background. Traditional background in the sense her parents don't love her to stay overnight even at office parties. So she comes from that kind of a background. So giving her that kind of confidence and ensuring that you know we will be able to do it. Convincing her parents that you know this is an office party and making her come out with friends and not getting others know about it. So this this time she was a part of our concliff and she just was thrilled. So it was just a small thing that we did. We didn't do anything great but that really ensured that you know she comes out more confident. So I think empathy, trust, care, all of our compassion, all of these make you know a truly a leadership that love. Right. So the second question was key. Can you think of a leader who has inspired you? What specific actions did they take that made you feel valued, respected or motivated? So I've been a great follower of Indra Nui. Okay and I respect her a lot and many many things resonate like you know I resonate her resonate with Indra a lot. You know she comes from a very south Indian traditional background. She has you know the dusky color that I also have she's not you know and she also aspired to grow and make make something big for her. So I I was completely out by Indra Nui I always wanted to you know role model. I always thought her as a role model and the things that I liked about her is she used to respect her own colleagues. She used to encourage her own colleagues. She used to give them the whole empowerment and it was an inclusive leadership that she always valued in. So she always ensured that whenever there is a big decision that happens in PepsiCo she would ensure that you know the whole of the people are all the people in the organization are sat sitting together discussing debating and then coming on to a conclusion. So I think she I really follow her to the core and I feel this inclusive leadership about her and small things I don't know if you are aware. To bring out the best in the people you know she did one small thing one find she told her secretary that I want to write a thank you note. Thank you note that she prepared was to her employees family. So she wanted to thank the family she did not thank the employee she thank the employees family for giving all the kind of support and a small gift or a token that she sent the employees family. So not only thanking the employee but also extending it to the family really makes a lot and it really feels nice the employees family felt really good and that was the kind of positive environment that she drew for her employees. So I think that was something which I still follow this this kind of you know the way she has done it. So I think that was really good. How do you ensure that all employees junior or senior feel equally respected and valued can you share an example. Okay so just like just like I said that you know I follow in ranuing so the best thing that you can have your juniors and seniors involved is open communication by having communication even at the highest level to the junior level sitting together discussing a problem taking a particular decision. I don't take a decision just because I want to do that I do take that kind of a subject in an open forum where the juniors as well as the seniors openly discuss and debate on what's the best to happen because sometimes it so happens that the ones who are the junior are the are the ones who actually execute. So you really want to have that behind also in a particular idea to be implemented so that's one recognition appreciation has always been my forte I always ensure that small things even if it means a small win you recognize you appreciate those employees walking up to their particular you know workstation and telling them that you've done a good job or maybe in a department meeting putting up their photo and you know you know you're going to be a good job. And having all the other members clap that really motivates and brings up you know the whole employee that they feel valued they feel nice and respectful culture I always believe in a respectful culture even if it means that I have an idea or a senior employee has an idea and a junior doesn't agree to it. Okay, it can so happen that a junior would not agree to it or feel that no this is not the right thing so making him talk about it making him express it in a respectful manner he doesn't feel offended just because somebody else has told this he is given a voice he is given a chance to talk so I think that respectful culture is what I feel that they feel equally respected and value. So I think these are some points which come to my mind. What strategies do you use to build strong trust based trust based relationships with your employees have you ever faced resistance trying to form you know deeper connections with the employees. Oh yeah. Very good question. See there are a couple of things I've told you like you know it is actually a mix of all these constant communication so it's not that one time communication that you have in the start of the year that this is done and tested no so you need to have a constant communication I mean I mean good morning good morning is a too simple word but you know having that good morning center cross or talked across the employees really makes a good start to the day. Okay and next is lead by example I feel that lead by example is the best thing that any employee or any colleague will really value for because it's not that he or a madam could speak but he could say no you lead by example you show that you know this is the way like for example if we for a particular project you want to you want to have people sick lead doesn't mean that I walk across the cabin around two. And then at around two o'clock and then you know they are asked to sit lay so we all sit together respective of you know whether I actually need to do it or not but I make I make it a point that I sit to sit together with them ensure that you know whatever problems or whatever questions they have I am with them so I think lead by example another one is empowerment and support it's like you know how you kind of empower that particular person or individual to take a decision. But really matters a lot you know the moment you tell them that you are allowed to take that decision you know they suddenly become the pilot of that particular plane because you know they feel that I am responsible for this decision I can take a decision so they really feel empowered and you know they do take good care of the decision that is good for the organization good for the employee good for the team so I think this is this is one. So that are talking about phasing resistance so yes there has been instances in my whole career where I did have resistance from some of the employees in certain certain or the other things like you know there was this particular employee of mine who was ever to ladies he wouldn't talk to any kind of lady I don't know he had this problem maybe you know something at his house or something during his career would have spanned up and somebody would not have a job. He would not have behaved properly with him so he just wouldn't talk to ladies so I had a tough time even having a discussion with him I think it's such times patience and consistency is the key because you need to have that kind of thing being. I mean it's not that you need to give the person some time to come out of his shell so maybe of his bad experience he wouldn't but given some time he would definitely come out of it and let me tell you today he's one person who would come up to me and tell me all his problems so I think patience and key definitely makes a difference. Another thing is I personally feel we do have team picnics so you know at times people wouldn't open up in the in the workplace that you know my boss is sitting near me my boss is watching me or somebody else is watching me so they wouldn't open up but team picnics is a place where people would definitely open up people would definitely talk so we have a yearly team picnic where there is no agenda but we all would sit together that would really increase the team the whole team joined jointly when the team comes together so that the team work gets really multiplied because of such team picnics where we have some gains we have team games which we play so those are some of them which we generally do it so I think resistance is definitely there but I think the key is patience. So, ma'am, can you describe a movement where your enthusiasm for a project inspired your team and what specific actions did you take to energize and motivate them? I can give you an example of this you know I can explain this whole question or I can answer this question through an example we had the master data team master data team is MDM which we call it here so you know it was very very much manual lot of things were happening manual so I always wanted to I mean I'm a person who challenges the status quo I don't like things because it is not a good thing to do. So, I've been done traditionally for so many years let's do it differently that's what I thought about and I always wanted because my team would spend lot of time waiting for the courier opening it reading through the documents and you know they would take a lot of time it will also you know disturb their work life balance so I always wanted to do something different which would be ottermised. So, this was one idea which I always had that let's do it differently let's automate it okay so I was very enthusiastic about it this idea came to me but I'm not sure whether my team really understood this whole thing you know like I was like chirpy about it I was saying is make some kind of a let's do something different so they would come and come up and tell me okay. So, they were actually worried because I was very enthusiastic because they were worried what is this whole thing going to come up so when I explain this idea to them they were nice they thought about it they said wow this is good because it's going to reduce our work we are going to have more time with our family all those things it was all nice but they were worried at the same time because yes we have to come back to the earlier part and then the workload would be too much for them to handle so maybe you know talking to them consistently talking to them about how is the progress going on how do we chalk out the project put a proper project plan in place taking all the stakeholders with us and telling them this is what we are doing we need your support that you know if this doesn't happen what do we do so you know taking all the alignment and the alignment with the stakeholders taking all the team members into confidence and saying that you will be able to do it and then celebrating small wins like you know even if we we had you know stones so first stone second stone third stone these are milestones which we had set and this whole project turned out to be a one year project 12 months project so we had 12 stones which we had to actually clear so every stone that we would clear we would say that you know we would celebrate a small thing we would buy a small cake and then you know just cut it out so that people felt nice about it the second time we would be would celebrate it by you know going for a movie or something these are small celebrate it it wouldn't cost much but definitely motivates that whole team so idea definitely would come but ensuring that how this can be properly implemented by keeping the team motivated and also have a plan B but don't tell them you have a plan B in place that if this suppose doesn't work this is my immediate plan B so you know these are things by properly planning it on paper taking them into confidence I think this was one great example that we really did and this whole project was a great success and I think we celebrated this whole success with Amitabh Bachchan's birthday because that happens to be our favorite star so we celebrated it and we inaugurated this whole platform on his birthday so we actually celebrated it you know by calling all the stakeholders giving awards to the people for achieving it so it was it was really a milestone and this will ever remember it is etched in our memory that this is how we executed this whole complicated project okay ma'am first same question like sometimes our enthusiasm can be seen as a negative towards my other people because sometimes if I am a very enthusiastic I am very passionate about something and I'm trying to work on that and I'm telling my team to work on that some other team it may think he maybe he's doing this because he's only enthusiastic about that project and he's not looking at other people's growth and he's just doing or he or she's just doing it for his sake because he's into so how would you navigate through the world and that how would you convert that criticism or that negativity into positivity okay on this project itself see when you talk about automation okay when the moment you talk about automation see when it comes to a leader a leader thinks not for today the leader thinks two years later as to what would be the position two years later but when when it comes to the rest of the team members the moment you talk about automation the first thing that people get to the mind is very no courage will you know somebody something is going to replace what I'm going to do so I might lose my job so that's the first thing that comes into the mind of an employee or anybody who's working on it so this kind of when we when I actually was enthusiastic about this whole idea my team members also the first thing that came to that mind is you know Shia madam logonko come earnek he's trying to do this automation so these kind of things coming okay she's going to win an award but I'm going to lose my job so that's the thing that definitely comes to the mind of people and and I would say that's natural I mean it is it's absolutely fine to have this kind of you know a thing that comes to their mind but yes I had anticipated it because you know that that would definitely come out in some or the other form through some of the other employees so I had anticipated it so I had actually that's the reason why I said we had broken down this whole project into milestones and we had a good round of discussion and I'm doing that discussion is where all these things came in some people would say no we are not coming for this because I am not well I suddenly found that you know when people wanted to discuss about this project taking it ahead they would feel that they would make some excuse that's when you know calling all of them together explaining them what are we doing and also telling them that you know this is your at present this is your present situation what are you doing and how much time are you spending out of your office hours and then making them explain that by doing this what is exactly going to reduce and how much time are they going to get back to their family how much time are they going to spend for themselves making them clear cut understand that and sometimes I feel being frank and open communication or transparent communication really helps because I just happen to mention that this is not about people cutting and that's when they felt really good about it that this is not about you know anybody losing their job I think it's sometimes it's nice and better to be open and upfront talking to them about you know this is not about losing the jobs it's about improving your quality of the jobs so I think the communication of not losing and improving made this whole difference I hope I am able to answer your questions Can you also think of a time when your passion was misunderstood or misinterpreted I think it is the same issue I am what long term strategies do you use to make you know employees feel valued and you know support and the career to make sure they grow properly Okay so one was the first thing that came to my mind is work life balance you know people struggle with work life balance So I think bringing that whole work life balance into the whole picture bringing it to up to them and telling them what it what it is all about work life balance makes a whole difference Another thing is continuous learning and development ensuring that you know maybe you know when they would have joined they would have been just to become or an intercierge And ensuring and encouraging them to do more studies you know continuous learning and being up to the mark they would have learnt excel when they would have joined the organization But today there are so many things other than excel also which has come so ensuring that you know they have a advanced excel course They enter into some kind of a development journey for themselves learning some new gig learning something new will keep them updated in their whole work itself I also ensure that they get an opportunity to work on a global project You know understanding some other country understanding some other region and ensuring that they are working so they will not only learn something new they will learn a new culture as well because that really helps them to think big So I think that is one another thing is we look at mentorship programs we also ensure that every employee gets a mentor he also enrolls himself into a mentorship program We actually encourage them to get into these kind of discussions mentorship other other other than this particular you know the division that they are working with some other leaders so that they understand a different perspective as well Defining very clear pathways very clear carrier pathways so we also ask them that how do you envision yourself post three years or post two years where do you see yourself so that's when they start deciding or you know somewhere some people just start thinking what do I want to do after two years or after three years that's when they decide and say that you know I want to become this But I don't know how do I become this that's the whole question when it starts you know the whole thing starts and I think we really encourage this kind of discussion this kind of thinking so that they want to grow so that they'll have this growth mindset So that is one another thing that we often do is regular feedback we just sit with the employees ask them to set up a one to one with the leader to understand where are they lacking take regular feedbacks to understand what can they do better how can they do better because many a times it's it so happens that we also get a fair view on the peers across the world across the divisions so what are the other peers of them doing better and what can they do better so giving them you know regular feedbacks and inclusive culture is always there because the moment you give them an opportunity for empowerment give them you encourage ladies in your team because you know God has made lead women and men and why are differently you know they think differently so an inclusive culture where people get along with each other think a little you know together so I think these are some things which I feel are long term strategies. Have you ever had to stand up for your team against a current management for corporate reasons how did you handle the situation? Actually I I never had this kind of an opportunity to stand against it but yeah didn't one of the projects I mean it was not stand up against I would say that so there was a decision when we wanted to do a particular project where the global management wanted to have a project wanted to have a people cut when we are doing this kind of a project at that time not only me but my immediate superior also was with me you know and I think we both of us stands to very firm in our whole thing that you know this is not something that we are looking at we are completely doing this as an automation so I think what happens is you know during these kinds of things which I have never actually faced but a small glimpse of what had happened was you know we prepared a proper case as to why are we doing this how does it benefit and like you know how I spoke to my team about not losing the job and having a quality qualitative time for them that's how we prepared this whole case saying that how will it benefit the employees. The employee that really made a difference because our feedback and I and my superior my my upper management were very firm in what we wanted to present as a case because it was a very strong case that we wanted to because we wanted to help people and I but really believes in caring so we really wanted to do that so that's completely leadership by love so you know that's exactly what we did we said that we are not here to lose the job. So that's how we present our case and it was a complete success so I think the I mean none of us none of the people lost their jobs because of it. Mom how would you describe your organization culture in terms of emotional intelligence trust and care for the employees. I think we answered this question in a little different manner earlier so it's all about trust compassion empowerment inclusive leadership. Mom what other some of the barriers to implement a leadership style based on love and how can they be overcome. Okay so see when we do a leadership with love okay the barriers that immediately come to my knowledge was you know people feel that she's a very soft leader. She would take everyone by compassion so it's not that I think you're in this case is where you need to be very clear you need to provide very constructive feedback you know you provide feedbacks which are very clear concise at the same time be compassionate towards the employee understand his needs his problems but at the same time be very very clear and constructive saying if a person doesn't am I. I mean you should not go and you should not go back from saying a spade a spade because sometimes it's equivalent equally important to call a spade a spade it is important but at the same time be compassionate to the person by how you are saying that particular thing so it all means how do you how do you make that whole feedback to that employee how do you convey to him. I think that really makes a difference so that's the barrier because you know you are most probably mistaken to be a very soft leader or a very leader who can be taken for a ride so that's the barrier I feel which comes majorly on leadership with love so I think being transparent being open and giving constructive feedback will take over this whole barrier. Yeah yeah yeah sure. How is it going? It's about a minute. Good? Okay you have four or five questions. Six questions. Six questions. Two. Okay. Okay. Do you have a mind? I have a mind. Where are you originally from? So I'm basically a South Indian and I've married a Mara question. So now I'm a Manashan. I was a Christian earlier now I'm a Kravika. Okay. Your next question is what is the advice? It is about what advice would you give to the emerging executives? We actually had a lot more more questions but we had like many questions but we thought that given the time and the applicability we should have only as important. Actually what happens you know there are so many there are many questions which are touching the other ones you know it's a very thin line. Yes. A very thin line of difference between two questions so it's more or less the same. Yes because if we went on asking all the questions we would have much use. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Thanks. It's a nice project which this one has given. Yes. It will also give you a good exposure to organizations to leaders. Yes. That's why I will try to get an offline interview because the Aladdin offline interview will be much more easier for us to communicate because in online interviews. Yeah. Aladdin was asking me that you want to do an online one but yeah. But I told him that I think an offline one will be a little better because. Oh, T.P. will be there. Because many a times it so happened that online my God that he. You are not able to communicate well. So. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay.